wimsbytetrade.com Women Sponsorship 2020

1. Aims:

- empower women globally on blockchain and IT, so as to eliminate gender balance and reduce poverty.
- global equitable distribution of wealth.

2. Objectives:

- training women on blockchain, IT, business skills.
- employment of women by WIMS.
- partnering with other entities to advance women empowerment globally.
- production: get women to produce world quality services and products for world markets.
- give viable women small businesses lower interests loans.
- pay school fees for girls in schools(primary, high school, universities, colleges) taking especially (Mathematics, IT, Science)

3. Introduction

Wims Bytetrade is a WIMS(https://wims.io) and ByteTrade(https://bytetrade.io) joint effort to use latest cutting edge blockchain to empower women globally.
According to Julie Maupin(2017), "The G20 must take decisive steps to harness this technology in service of its policy goals across the core focus areas
of economic resilience, financial inclusion, taxation, trade and investment, employment, climate, health, sustainable development, and women’s empowerment"
(source: http://www.economics-ejournal.org/economics/discussionpapers/2017-48/file).

There are many organization doing this but still most of these do not have a single solution to the problem and therefore, argumenting strategies and efforts are needed.

How wimsbytetrade.com will help women.

The heart of blockchain are exchanges which pump monetary transactions every millisecond to make all other activities of the blockchain function. ByteTrade has 
created a world class exchange for their 5th generation blockchain which is decentralized. The usage of this platform at wimsbytetrade.com produces profits which will be 
distributed as follows:

4. Percentage Distribution

	a) 20% profit goes to WIMS for administration, platform hosting, staff and so on.
	b) 20% profit will need to cover operational costs of ByteTrade
	c) 60% profit goes to women world wide as stated below.

Any donation from well wishers, partners, governments and others will be distributed as per section 4 above.

5. 60% Distribution EWG - by WIMS.

i)
WIMS wants to see all women irregardless of color, nationality, religion, whatever categories to have equal opportunity to benefit from the profits of wimsbytetrade.com and other 
WIMS activities to follow.

ii)
WIMS whitepaper acknowledged that the world has 195 countries and as such each should have fair access to the WIMS benefits.

iii)
A Women Committee Representative of the world demographics should be formed and must coordinate the funds in a fair and transparent manner, following objects above.
Special attention must be paid to disadvantaged women from different backgrounds as a remote areas like villages, farms, rural areas, high density areas, etc.
The platform wimsbytetrade.com is so easy to use and available to any woman who has access to internet such that she can register and accumulate WIMTs. These tokens 
will be exchanged for Bitcoin, Ether, $US, etc during the funding process.

Security must be created to prevent fraud, cheating and misrepresentation. Parents/Gaudians who have WIMTs must be able to get funds for girls who are minors especially for the
girls basic needs like school fees, health, food, etc.

6. Pre and Post EWG Committee

It can happen that the satisfactory committee stated in section 5 iii) might not exist or might be dissolved. In such a case, WIMS will distribute the funds because funds
need to go to the need quickly and correctly.

7. Any Suggestions and Additions are welcome to this project

Send suggestions and additions to admin@wims.io, cto@wims.io.

-----------------------------------------------------------------










